remove Dan as author, add draft-ietf-ipsecme-add-ike (#1)
boucadair/dnr-svcb-registry: draft-wb-add-svcb-registry-update.md

--- abstract

This document updates the DNS Service Bindings (SVCB) IANA registry to
indicate which service parameters are applicable to protocols where
duplicated information in those parameters can cause interoperability
problems.  The document also includes
guidance for new service parameters to indicate whether they should
be conveyed or withheld.

This document updates RFC 9460.

--- middle

# Introduction

{{!I-D.ietf-dnsop-svcb-https}} established an IANA registry for
Service Parameter Keys (SvcParamKeys) {{IANA-SVCB}}. That registry is
leveraged by the Discovery of Network-designated Resolvers (DNR)
{{!I-D.ietf-add-dnr}} and IKEv2 for Encrypted DNS
{{!I-D.ietf-ipsecme-add-ike}}. However, not all service parameters
defined in that registry are eligible for inclusion in those
protocols. For example, both {{!I-D.ietf-add-dnr}} and
{{!I-D.ietf-ipsecme-add-ike}} specify that "ipv4hint" and "ipv6hint"

> Service Parameters (SvcParams) must not be included in DNR because

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service Parameters (SvcParams) must not be included in these protocols because
```
